README.md, before:


[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/trustbloc/edv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/trustbloc/edv/releases/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trustbloc/edv/main/LICENSE)
[![Godocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/godoc-reference-blue.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/trustbloc/edv)

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/trustbloc/edge/_apis/build/status/trustbloc.edv?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/trustbloc/edge/_build/latest?definitionId=27&branchName=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/trustbloc/edv/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/trustbloc/edv)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/trustbloc/edv)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/trustbloc/edv)

# edv
An implementation of Encrypted Data Vaults [from the Confidential Storage 0.1 (04 December 2020) specification](https://identity.foundation/confidential-storage/). This implementation is a work in progress; be sure to read the [limitations](#limitations) section which outlines which parts of the specification have yet to be implemented.

## Limitations
The following has not yet been implemented:
* Service endpoint discovery
* Index querying with the `has` keyword
* Index querying with multiple name+value pairs (which is still a work in-progress in the [specification](https://identity.foundation/confidential-storage/))
* Streams (also a work in-progress in the [specification](https://identity.foundation/confidential-storage/))

## Underlying Storage
This EDV server is not by itself a database - a database provider must be chosen for it to work. This underlying database is used by the EDV server for storage of encrypted data. Currently, two database providers are supported:

- CouchDB (Recommended)
- In-memory storage*

&ast;Does not support encrypted indices or querying.

See [here](docs/rest/edv_cli.md#edv-server-parameters) for information on how to choose the database provider.

## Extensions
This EDV server implementation includes support for a number of optional features that, as of writing, are not in the specification (but have been requested). They are all disabled by default, but they can all be safely enabled without breaking any standard features. Non-extension-aware clients will still work seamlessly. See the [extensions documentation](docs/extensions.md) for more information.

## Documentation
- [Build + BDD tests](docs/test/build.md)
- [Run as Binary with CLI](docs/rest/edv_cli.md)
- [Run as Docker Container](docs/rest/edv_docker.md)
- [OpenAPI Spec](docs/rest/openapi_spec.md)
- [OpenAPI Demo](docs/rest/openapi_demo.md)

## Contributing
Thank you for your interest in contributing. Please see our [community contribution guidelines](https://github.com/trustbloc/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## License
Apache License, Version 2.0 (Apache-2.0). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

feat: MongoDB support
- Added support for MongoDB as a backing storage provider.
- Refactored some code which will allow support for other storage implementations to be added more easily in the future.
- As a result of this refactoring, the in-memory storage provider can now be used for vault encrypted indexes + querying.
- Added a TODO marker to the OpenAPI demo script for an existing issue.

Signed-off-by: Derek Trider <Derek.Trider@securekey.com>

README.md, after:


[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/trustbloc/edv.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/trustbloc/edv/releases/latest)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/trustbloc/edv/main/LICENSE)
[![Godocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/godoc-reference-blue.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/trustbloc/edv)

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/trustbloc/edge/_apis/build/status/trustbloc.edv?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/trustbloc/edge/_build/latest?definitionId=27&branchName=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/trustbloc/edv/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/trustbloc/edv)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/trustbloc/edv)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/trustbloc/edv)

# edv
An implementation of Encrypted Data Vaults [from the Confidential Storage 0.1 (04 December 2020) specification](https://identity.foundation/confidential-storage/). This implementation is a work in progress; be sure to read the [limitations](#limitations) section which outlines which parts of the specification have yet to be implemented.

## Limitations
The following has not yet been implemented:
* Service endpoint discovery
* Index querying with multiple name+value pairs (which is still a work in-progress in the [specification](https://identity.foundation/confidential-storage/))
* Streams (also a work in-progress in the [specification](https://identity.foundation/confidential-storage/))

## Underlying Storage
This EDV server is not by itself a database - a database provider must be chosen for it to work. This underlying database is used by the EDV server for storage of encrypted data. Currently, three database providers are supported:

- MongoDB
- CouchDB
- In-memory storage

See [here](docs/rest/edv_cli.md#edv-server-parameters) for information on how to choose the database provider.

## Extensions
This EDV server implementation includes support for a number of optional features that, as of writing, are either recently added to the spec (and not in widespread use) or are features marked "at-risk". They are all disabled by default, but they can all be safely enabled without breaking any standard features. Non-extension-aware clients will still work seamlessly. See the [extensions documentation](docs/extensions.md) for more information.

## Documentation
- [Build + BDD tests](docs/test/build.md)
- [Run as Binary with CLI](docs/rest/edv_cli.md)
- [Run as Docker Container](docs/rest/edv_docker.md)
- [OpenAPI Spec](docs/rest/openapi_spec.md)
- [OpenAPI Demo](docs/rest/openapi_demo.md)

## Contributing
Thank you for your interest in contributing. Please see our [community contribution guidelines](https://github.com/trustbloc/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## License
Apache License, Version 2.0 (Apache-2.0). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
