docs/rest/edv_cli.md, before:

# Run the EDV server as a binary

## Build the EDV server

The EDV server can be built from within the `cmd/edv-rest` directory with `go build`.

## Run the EDV server

Start the edv server with `./edv-rest start [flags]`.

## EDV server Parameters

Parameters can be set by command line arguments or environment variables:

```      
Flags:
      --auth-server-url                    string                    The URL of Auth server. Required if using GNAP authorization. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_AUTH_SERVER_URL
      --auth-type                          string                          The type of authorization to use. Possible values [none] [GNAP] [ZCAP]. Defaults to none if not set. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_AUTH_TYPE
  -c, --config-database-name               string               The name of the main database where data vault configurations will be stored. Defaults to "configurations" if not set Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DOCUMENT_DATABASE_NAME
      --cors-enable                        string                        Enable cors. Possible values [true] [false]. Defaults to false if not set. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_CORS_ENABLE
  -p, --database-prefix                    string                    An optional prefix to be used for the names for all databases. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_PREFIX
  -s, --database-retrieval-page-size       string       Number of entries within each page when doing bulk operations within underlying databases. Larger values provide better performance at the expense of memory usage. This option is ignored if the database type is mem. Default: 100. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_PAGE_SIZE
  -o, --database-timeout                   string                   Total time in seconds to wait until the database is available before giving up. Default: 30 seconds. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_TIMEOUT
  -t, --database-type                      string                      The type of database to use internally in the EDV. Supported options: mem, couchdb, mongodb. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_TYPE
  -r, --database-url                       string                       The URL (or connection string) of the database. Not needed if using memstore. For CouchDB, include the username:password@ text if required. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_URL
      --did-domain                         string                         URL to the did consortium's domain. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DID_DOMAIN
  -d, --document-database-name             string             The name of the database where encrypted documents will be stored. Defaults to "documents" if not set Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DOCUMENT_DATABASE_NAME
      --gnap-signing-key                   string                   The path to the private key to use when signing GNAP introspection requests. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_GNAP_SIGNING_KEY
  -h, --help                                      help for start
  -u, --host-url                           string                           URL to run the edv instance on. Format: HostName:Port. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_HOST_URL
      --localkms-secrets-database-prefix   string   An optional prefix to be used when creating and retrieving the underlying KMS secrets database. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOCALKMS_SECRETS_DATABASE_PREFIX
      --localkms-secrets-database-type     string     The type of database to use for storing KMS secrets for Keystore. Supported options: mem, couchdb, mongodb Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOCALKMS_SECRETS_DATABASE_TYPE
      --localkms-secrets-database-url      string      The URL (or connection string) of the database for KMS secrets. Not needed if using in-memory storage. For CouchDB, include the username:password@ text if required. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOCALKMS_SECRETS_DATABASE_URL
  -l, --log-level                          string                          Logging level to set. Supported options: critical, error, warning, info, debug.Defaults to "info" if not set. Setting to "debug" may adversely impact performance. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOG_LEVEL
      --tls-cacerts                        stringArray                   Comma-separated list of CA certs path. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_CACERTS
      --tls-cert-file                      string                      TLS certificate file. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_CERT_FILE
      --tls-key-file                       string                       TLS key file. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_KEY_FILE
      --tls-systemcertpool                 string                 Use system certificate pool. Possible values [true] [false]. Defaults to false if not set. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_SYSTEMCERTPOOL
      --with-extensions                    string                    Enables features that are extensions of the spec. If set, must be a comma-separated list of some or all of the following possible values: [Batch]. If not set, then no extensions will be used and the EDV server will be strictly conformant with the spec. These can all be safely enabled without breaking any core EDV functionality or non-extension-aware clients.Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_EXTENSIONS

(If both the command line argument and environment variable are set for a parameter, then the command line argument takes precedence)
```

## Example

```shell
$ cd cmd/edv-rest
$ go build
$ ./edv-rest start --host-url localhost:8071 --database-type couchdb --database-url admin:password@localhost:5984 --database-prefix edvprefix --with-extensions ReturnFullDocumentsOnQuery,Batch --log-level debug
```

Commit message:

feat: Allow GNAP and ZCAP authorization to work at the same time
Now GNAP and ZCAP authorization can run at the same time. The way this implementation works is that if the server has both mechanisms active, then a client may choose to authorize themselves with either one, (rather than the two stacking on top of each other).

Signed-off-by: Derek Trider <Derek.Trider@securekey.com>

docs/rest/edv_cli.md, after:

# Run the EDV server as a binary

## Build the EDV server

The EDV server can be built from within the `cmd/edv-rest` directory with `go build`.

## Run the EDV server

Start the edv server with `./edv-rest start [flags]`.

## EDV server Parameters

Parameters can be set by command line arguments or environment variables:

```      
Flags:
      --auth-server-url                    string                    The URL of the authorization server. Required if using GNAP authorization. Ignored otherwise. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_AUTH_SERVER_URL
      --auth-type                          string                          Comma-separated list of the types of authorization to enable. Authorization is server-wide, not per-vault. Possible values [GNAP] [ZCAP]. If GNAP and ZCAP are both enabled, then a client may authorize themselves with either one (rather than the two stacking on top of each other). If no options are specified, then no authorization will be required. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_AUTH_TYPE
  -c, --config-database-name               string               The name of the main database where data vault configurations will be stored. Defaults to "configurations" if not set Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DOCUMENT_DATABASE_NAME
      --cors-enable                        string                        Enable cors. Possible values [true] [false]. Defaults to false if not set. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_CORS_ENABLE
  -p, --database-prefix                    string                    An optional prefix to be used for the names for all databases. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_PREFIX
  -s, --database-retrieval-page-size       string       Number of entries within each page when doing bulk operations within underlying databases. Larger values provide better performance at the expense of memory usage. This option is ignored if the database type is mem. Default: 100. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_PAGE_SIZE
  -o, --database-timeout                   string                   Total time in seconds to wait until the database is available before giving up. Default: 30 seconds. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_TIMEOUT
  -t, --database-type                      string                      The type of database to use internally in the EDV. Supported options: mem, couchdb, mongodb. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_TYPE
  -r, --database-url                       string                       The URL (or connection string) of the database. Not needed if using memstore. For CouchDB, include the username:password@ text if required. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DATABASE_URL
      --did-domain                         string                         URL to the did consortium's domain. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DID_DOMAIN
  -d, --document-database-name             string             The name of the database where encrypted documents will be stored. Defaults to "documents" if not set Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_DOCUMENT_DATABASE_NAME
      --gnap-signing-key                   string                   The path to the private key to use when signing GNAP introspection requests. Required if using GNAP authorization. Ignored otherwise. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_GNAP_SIGNING_KEY
  -h, --help                                      help for start
  -u, --host-url                           string                           URL to run the edv instance on. Format: HostName:Port. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_HOST_URL
      --localkms-secrets-database-prefix   string   An optional prefix to be used when creating and retrieving the underlying KMS secrets database. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOCALKMS_SECRETS_DATABASE_PREFIX
      --localkms-secrets-database-type     string     The type of database to use for storing KMS secrets for Keystore. Supported options: mem, couchdb, mongodb Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOCALKMS_SECRETS_DATABASE_TYPE
      --localkms-secrets-database-url      string      The URL (or connection string) of the database for KMS secrets. Not needed if using in-memory storage. For CouchDB, include the username:password@ text if required. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOCALKMS_SECRETS_DATABASE_URL
  -l, --log-level                          string                          Logging level to set. Supported options: critical, error, warning, info, debug.Defaults to "info" if not set. Setting to "debug" may adversely impact performance. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_LOG_LEVEL
      --tls-cacerts                        stringArray                   Comma-separated list of CA certs path. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_CACERTS
      --tls-cert-file                      string                      TLS certificate file. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_CERT_FILE
      --tls-key-file                       string                       TLS key file. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_KEY_FILE
      --tls-systemcertpool                 string                 Use system certificate pool. Possible values [true] [false]. Defaults to false if not set. Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_TLS_SYSTEMCERTPOOL
      --with-extensions                    string                    Enables features that are extensions of the spec. If set, must be a comma-separated list of some or all of the following possible values: [Batch]. If not set, then no extensions will be used and the EDV server will be strictly conformant with the spec. These can all be safely enabled without breaking any core EDV functionality or non-extension-aware clients.Alternatively, this can be set with the following environment variable: EDV_EXTENSIONS

(If both the command line argument and environment variable are set for a parameter, then the command line argument takes precedence)
```

## Example

```shell
$ cd cmd/edv-rest
$ go build
$ ./edv-rest start --host-url localhost:8071 --database-type couchdb --database-url admin:password@localhost:5984 --database-prefix edvprefix --with-extensions ReturnFullDocumentsOnQuery,Batch --log-level debug
```
