docs/extensions.md, before:

# Extensions
This EDV server implementation includes support for a number of optional features that, as of writing, are not in the specification (but have been requested). They may all be enabled safely without breaking any standard features. Non-extension-aware clients will still work seamlessly.

Note that extensions are disabled by default. See [here](rest/edv_cli.md#edv-server-parameters) for information on how to enable extensions.

## Batch Endpoint
Allows multiple documents to be created, updated, or deleted in one REST call to the EDV server.

Requests to the endpoint must be in [this format](https://github.com/trustbloc/edv/blob/bf581301a90cc95185354e82a76be717f9e59c77/pkg/restapi/models/models.go#L74). The response body will be an array of responses, one for each vault operation. Responses for successful upserts will be the document locations. No distinction is made between document creation and document updates.

With CouchDB as the storage provider, this endpoint will be significantly faster when you have many documents to be stored at once as compared to calling the standard Create and Update Document endpoints one at a time.

Note that, as of writing, this endpoint has a few important limitations to be aware of:
* For new documents, encrypted indices will be created, but no uniqueness validation will occur. Updated documents must have the same encrypted indices (names+values) as the documents they're replacing. No errors will be thrown if either of these limitations are not respected... The underlying database will just get in a bad state. 
* Delete operations won't benefit much from being batched due to a limitation in the current implementation.

The request in the spec repo to add this feature can be found [here](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/confidential-storage/issues/138).

## Return Full Documents on Query
Allows query results to be full documents instead of document locations. This allows clients to directly get their documents in one step instead of requiring them to get the full documents in separate REST calls. Also allows for Get Document batching.

Queries must include a "returnFullDocuments" field in the JSON set to true for this endpoint to return full documents.

The request in the spec repo to add this feature can be found [here](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/confidential-storage/issues/137).∂

Commit message:

refactor: Query terminology, update docs
- Updated some of the terminology used for queries to be more accurate. In many instances, the term "index" was being used when really "attribute" was more appropriate. This difference will become important in my next commit when I add an endpoint to create indexes.

- Updated some out-of-date documentation.

- Removed some unneeded code.

Signed-off-by: Derek Trider <Derek.Trider@securekey.com>

docs/extensions.md, after:

# Extensions
This EDV server implementation includes support for a number of optional features that, as of writing, are considered "at-risk" features in the specification and may not be widely supported by other implementations. They may all be enabled safely without breaking any standard features. Non-extension-aware clients will still work seamlessly.

Note that extensions are disabled by default. See [here](rest/edv_cli.md#edv-server-parameters) for information on how to enable extensions.

## Batch Endpoint
Allows multiple documents to be created, updated, or deleted in one REST call to the EDV server.

Requests to the endpoint must be in [this format](https://github.com/trustbloc/edv/blob/bf581301a90cc95185354e82a76be717f9e59c77/pkg/restapi/models/models.go#L74). The response body will be an array of responses, one for each vault operation. Responses for successful upserts will be the document locations. No distinction is made between document creation and document updates.

With MongoDB or CouchDB as the storage provider, this endpoint will be significantly faster when you have many documents to be stored at once as compared to calling the standard Create and Update Document endpoints one at a time.

Note that, as of writing, the implementation has an important limitation to be aware of: batch deletes are not yet optimized. See [#171](https://github.com/trustbloc/edv/issues/171) for more information.

The request in the spec repo to add this feature can be found [here](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/confidential-storage/issues/138).

## Return Full Documents on Query
Allows query results to be full documents instead of document locations. This allows clients to directly get their documents in one step instead of requiring them to get the full documents in separate REST calls.

Queries must include a "returnFullDocuments" field in the JSON set to true for this endpoint to return full documents.
